get a frying pan smoking-hot essential
for quick pan frying
I deliver oil
then seasoned scallops with salt and
pepper starting at the top put clockwise
into the pan so you know which one to
turn first
[Applause]
[Music]
scallops have firm white sweet flesh and
cook in minutes
[Applause]
[Music]
next salad lamb's lettuce matchsticks
with apple
seasoning
lemon zest and juice
[Applause]
at Olive Oyl then toss
[Music]
turn the scallops when golden don't
clockwise around the pan
[Applause]
then squeeze in lemon juice and give the
pan a shake finish with lemon zest
ready in under ten minutes my first
pan-fried dish scallops with crunchy
apple salad